docs(metrics): Add upgrade guide for re-designed Metrics utility (#1868)
awslabs/aws-lambda-powertools-java: docs/upgrade.md

## Updated Metrics utility interface

<!-- - Remove deprecated methods: https://github.com/aws-powertools/powertools-lambda-java/pull/1624/files#diff-0afede8005aa2baeba2770f66d611bf0e8ee3969205be27e803682a7f2d6520a -->
<!-- - Re-designed metrics module: https://github.com/aws-powertools/powertools-lambda-java/issues/1848 -->

> The Metrics utility was re-designed to be more modular and allow the addition of new metrics providers in the future. The same EMF-based metrics logging still applies but will be called via an updated public interface. Consider the following list to understand some of changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Metrics utility was re-designed to be more modular and allow for the addition of new metrics providers in the future. The same EMF-based metrics logging still applies but will be called via an updated public interface. Consider the following list to understand some of changes:
```

- import software.amazon.cloudwatchlogs.emf.model.DimensionSet;
- import software.amazon.cloudwatchlogs.emf.model.Unit;
+ import software.amazon.lambda.powertools.metrics.model.DimensionSet;
+ import software.amazon.lambda.powertools.metrics.model.MetricUnit;

public class MetricsEnabledHandler implements RequestHandler<Object, Object> {

    // This is still a Singleton
-   MetricsLogger metricsLogger = MetricsUtils.metricsLogger();
+   Metrics metrics = MetricsFactory.getMetricsInstance();

    @Override
-   @Metrics(namespace = "ExampleApplication", service = "booking")
+   @FlushMetrics(namespace = "ExampleApplication", service = "booking")
    public Object handleRequest(Object input, Context context) {
-       metricsLogger.putDimensions(DimensionSet.of("environment", "prod"));
+       metrics.addDimension(DimensionSet.of("environment", "prod"));
        // New method overload for adding 2D dimensions more conveniently
+       metrics.addDimension("environment", "prod");
-       metricsLogger.putMetric("SuccessfulBooking", 1, Unit.COUNT);
+       metrics.addMetric("SuccessfulBooking", 1, MetricUnit.COUNT);
        ...
    }
}
```

> Learn more about the re-designed Metrics utility in the [Metrics documentation](./core/metrics.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about the redesigned Metrics utility in the [Metrics documentation](./core/metrics.md).
```
